docs: document `auto_integrations` option (#884)
catppuccin/nvim: README.md

})
```

> If you use [lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim) as you package manager, you can also use `auto_integrations` option to let Catppuccin detect and enable installed plugins' integrations automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use [lazy.nvim](https://github.com/folke/lazy.nvim) as your package manager, you can use the `auto_integrations` option to let catppuccin automatically detect installed plugins and enable their respective integrations.
```

```lua
require("catppuccin").setup({

>     auto_integrations = false,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    auto_integrations = true,
```
